2022 CALIFORNIA GREEN BUILDING STANDARDS CODE NA

.\AIA CA LOGO. jpg

YES

NOT APPLICABLE

RESPONSIBLE PARTY (ie: ARCHITECT, ENGINEER,
OWNER, CONTRACTOR, INSPECTOR ETC.)

WUESSET GeOV ANS eT

RESIDENTIAL MANDATORY MEASURES, SHEET 1 (July 2024 supplement) Meerows pany
Y wal RESON CHAPTER 3 ¥ |wal neseon. ¥ }wa nesron. v |wal reson. DIVISION 4.4 MATERIAL CONSERVATION AND RESOURCE

13001 SEAL BEACH BLVD.
SEAL BEACH, CA. 90740

4.106.4.2 New multifamily dwellings, hotels and motels and new residential parking facilities.

When parking is provided, parking spaces for new multifamily dwellings, hotels and motels shall meet the
requirements of Section 4.106.4.2.2. Calculations for spaces shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number. A
parking space served by electric vehicle supply equipment or designed as an EV charging space shall count as at
least one standard automobile parking space only for the purpose of complying with any applicable minimum parking

GREEN BUILDING IE DIVISION 4.2 ENERGY EFFICIENCY EFFICIENCY

4.201 GENERAL
SECTION 301 GENERAL 4.201.1 SCOPE. For the purposes of mandatory energy efficiency standards in this code, the 4.406 ENHANCED DURABILITY AND REDUCED MAINTENANCE

California Energy Commission will continue to adopt mandatory standards. a] Co|contractor| 4.406.1 RODENT PROOFING. Annular spaces around pipes, electric cables, conduits or
other openings in sole/bottom plates at exterior walls shall be protected against the

301.1 SCOPE. Buildings shall be designed to include the green building measures specified as mandatory in
the application checklists contained in this code. Voluntary green building measures are also included in the
application checklists and may be included in the design and construction of structures covered by this code,

space requirements established by a local jurisdiction. See Vehicle Code Section 22511.2 for further details.

DIVISION 4.3. WATER EFFICIENCY AND CONSERVATION

passage of rodents by closing such openings with cement mortar, concrete masonry
or a similar method acceptable to the enforcing agency.

2452 Pacific Ave.

4.106.4.2.1 Reserved.

but are not required unless adopted by a city, county, or city and county as specified in Section 101.7.

ong Beach, Ca. 90806
(562) 481-6269
te OSCAR@ADUWEST.COM

4.408 CONSTRUCTION WASTE REDUCTION, DISPOSAL AND RECYCMN
conrractor| 4.408.1 CONSTRUCTION WASTE MANAGEMENT. Recycle and/or salvage for reuse a

minimum of 65 percent of the non-hazardous construction and demolition
accordance with either Section 4.408.2, 4.408.3 or 4.408.4, or meet am
stringent local construction and demolition waste management ordina

4.303 INDOOR WATER USE
| Ca[contractor]| 4,303.1 WATER CONSERVING PLUMBING FIXTURES AND FITTINGS. Plumbing fixtures (water closets ayo
and urinals) and fittings (faucets and showerheads) shall comply with the sections
4.303.1.1, 4.303.1.2, 4.303.1.3, and 4.303.4.4.

4 4.106.4.2.2 Multifamily dwellings, hotels and motels

301.1.1 Additions and alterations. [HCD] The mandatory provisions of Chapter 4 shall be applied to
additions or alterations of existing residential buildings where the addition or alteration increases the
building's conditioned area, volume, or size. The requirements shall apply only to and/or within the
specific area of the addition or alteration.

1. EV ready parking spaces with receptacles.

a. Hotels and motels. Forty (40) percent of the total number of parking spaces shall be equipped

with low power Level 2 EV charging receptacles. Note: All noncompliant plumbing fixtures in any residential real property shall be

replaced with water—conserving plumbing fixtures. Plumbing fixture replacement is required
prior to issuance of a certificate of final completion, certificate of occupancy, or final
permit approval by the local building department. See Civil Code Section 1101.1, et seq., for
the definition of a noncompliant plumbing fixture, types of residential buildings affected and
other important enactment dates.

The mandatory provision of Section 4.106.4.2 may apply to additions or alterations of existing parking Exceptions:

facilities or the addition of new parking facilities serving existing multifamily buildings. See Section

4.106.4.3 for application. b. Multifamily parking facilities. Forty (40) percent of the total number of parking spaces shall be

equipped with low power Level 2 EV charging receptacles. EV charging receptacles required by
this section shall be located in at least one assigned parking space per dwelling unit where
assigned parking is provided but need not exceed forty (40) percent of the total number of assigned
parking spaces provided on the site.

1. Excavated soil and land—clearing debris.

2. Alternate waste reduction methods developed b
if diversion or recycle facilities capable_of complian
exist or are not located reasonably, ° j
3. The enforcing agency may mak
section when isolated jobsites are
of the diversion facility.

| agencies

Note: Repairs including, but not limited to, resurfacing, restriping and repairing or maintaining existing item do not

lighting fixtures are not considered alterations for the purpose of this section.

4.303.1.1 Water Closets. The effective flush volume of all water closets shall not exceed
1.28 gallons per flush. Tank—type water closets shall be certified to the performance
criteria of the U.S. EPA WaterSense Specification for Tank—type Toilets.

Note: On and after January 1, 2014, residential buildings undergoing permitted alterations, additions, or
improvements shall replace noncompliant plumbing fixtures with water-conserving plumbing fixtures.
Plumbing fixture replacement is required prior to issuance of a certificate of final completion, certificate
of occupancy or final permit approval by the local building department. See Civil Code Section 1101.1,
et seq., for the definition of a noncompliant plumbing fixture, types of residential buildings affected and
other important enactment dates.

Exception: Areas of parking facilities served by parking lifts, including but not limited to
automated mechanical-access open parking garages as defined in the California Building
Code; or parking facilities otherwise incapable of supporting electric vehicle charging.

ta | C|contractor| 4.408.2 CONSTRUCTION WASTE MAN.
management plan in conformanc
management plan sha
construction for mi

mit a construction waste
rough 5. The construction waste
as necessary and shall be available during
enforcing agency.

Note: The effective flush volume of dual flush toilets is defined as the composite,
average flush volume of two reduced flushes and one full flush.

c. Receptacle power source. EV charging receptacles in multifamily parking facilities shall be
provided with a dedicated branch circuit connected to the dwelling unit’s electrical panel, unless
determined as infeasible by the project builder or designer and subject to concurrence of the local
enforcing agency.

4.303.1.2 Urinals. The effective flush volume of wall mounted urinals shall not exceed
0.125 gallons per flush. The effective flush volume of all other urinals shall not exceed 0.5
gallons per flush.

nd demolition waste materials to be diverted
reuse on the project or salvage for future use

301.2 LOW-RISE AND HIGH-RISE RESIDENTIAL BUILDINGS. [HCD] The provisions of
individual sections of CALGreen may apply to either low-rise residential buildings high-rise residential
buildings, or both. Individual sections will be designated by banners to indicate where the section applies

rom dispo
or sale.

Exception: Areas of parking facilities served by parking lifts, including but not limited to 4.303.1.3 Showerheads.

specifically to low-rise only (LR) or high-rise only (HR). When the section applies to both low-rise and automated mechanicat-access open parking garages as defined in the California Biliding 2. onstruction and demolition waste materials will be sorted
high-rise buildings, no banner will be used. > OF Paring Tacil 188 Incap upporting even! ging. 4.303.1.3.1 Single Showerhead. Showerheads shall have a maximum flow rate of not urce separated) or bulk mixed (single stream).
d. Receptacle configurations. 208/240V EV charging receptacles shall comply with one of more than 1.8 gallons per minute at 80 psi. Showerheads shall be certified to the .. version facilities where the construction and demolition waste
the following configurations: performance criteria of the U.S. EPA WaterSense Specification for Showerheads. marerrar collected wil be taken.
SECTION 302 MIXED OCCUPANCY BUILDINGS wing contigurations: 4. Identify construction methods employed to reduce the amount of
_ 7 4.303.1.3.2 Multiple showerheads serving one shower. When a shower is served by more construction and demolition waste generated. tae .
302.1 MIXED OCCUPANCY BUILDINGS. In mixed occupancy buildings, each portion of a building 5 Hoe pamper recepiaces, NEMA oa OR than one showerhead, the combined flow rate of all the showerheads and/or other shower 5. Specify that the amount of construction and demolition waste materials
shall comply with the specific green building measures applicable to each specific occupancy. 3. For 50 ampere receptacles, NEMA 14-50R outlets controlled by a single valve shall not exceed 1.8 gallons per minute at 80 psi, or diverted shall be calculated by weight or volume, but not by both.
Exceptions: , ° ‘ ” the shower shall be designed to only allow one shower outlet to be in operation a time. a:
1. [HCD] Accessory structures and accessory occupancies serving residential buildings shall g y P c 4.408.3 WASTE MANAGEMENT COMPANY. Utilize a waste management company, approved

Oo} 2. EV ready parking spaces with EV chargers. by the enforcing agency, which can provide verifiable documentation that the

percentage of construction and demolition waste material diverted from the landfill
complies with Section 4.408.1.

comply with Chapter 4 and Appendix A4, as applicable. Note: A hand-held shower shall be considered a showerhead.

2. [HCD] For purposes of CALGreen, live/work units, complying with Section 419 of the California
Building Code, shall not be considered mixed occupancies. Live/Work units shall comply with
Chapter 4 and Appendix A4, as applicable.

DIVISION 4.1. PLANNING AND DESIGN
ABBREVIATION DEFINITIONS:

a. Hotels and motels. Ten (10) percent of the total number of parking spaces shall be equipped
with Level 2 EV chargers. At least fifty (560) percent of the required EV chargers shall be equipped
with J1772 connectors.

1232 N. JEFFERSON ST.
1232 N. JEFFERSON ST., UNIT ‘A’

4.303.1.4 Faucets.

Note: The owner or contractor may make the determination if the construction

4.303.1.4.1 Residential Lavatory Faucets. The maximum flow rate o ory and demolition waste materials will be diverted by a waste management company.

faucets shall not exceed 1.2 gallons per minute at 60 psi. The

b. Multifamily parking facilities. Ten (10) percent of the total number of parking spaces shall be
erie Biase (10) p mM en Rida residential lavatory faucets shall not be less than 0.8 gallons pé¢ psi.

equipped with Level 2 EV chargers. At least fifty (50) percent of the required EV chargers shall be

pal] Co|contractor| 4.408.4 WASTE STREAM REDUCTION ALTERNATIVE [LR]. Projects that generate a total

NEW DETACHED ADU
PLACENTIA, CA. 92870
*2022 CALGREEN AIA CHECKLIST*

simultaneously to each EV charging station (EVCS) served by the ALMS. The branch circuit shall
have a minimum capacity of 40 amperes, and installed EV chargers shall have a capacity of not
less than 30 amperes.

CHAPTER 4
RESIDENTIAL MANDATORY MEASURES aie

bal Dolcontractor| 4.408.5 DOCUMENTATION. Documentation shall be provided to the enforcing agency
which demonstrates compliance with Section 4.408.2, items 1 through 5, Section
4.408.3 or Section 4.408.4..

flow above the maxi
must default to a

eed 2.2 gallons per minute at 60 psi, and
gallons per minute at 60 psi.

w”

W”)
HCD Department of Housing and Community Development equipped with J1772 connectors. Where common use parking or unassigned parking is provided, 4.303.1.4.2 Lavatory Faucets in C d Public U combined weight of construction and demolition waste disposed of in landfills, which nu ”
BSC California Building Standards Commission EY Chargers sat pe iocated in common use or unassigned parking areas and shall be available lavatory faucets installed iy common and public use "© do not exceed 3.4 Ibs./sq.ft. of the building area shall meet the minimum 65% oO i?)
pons Office of Statewide Health Planring and Dovelopment or use by all residents or guests. units) in residential buildings shall not exceed 0.5 gal construction waste reduction requirement in Section 4.408.1 Q mw
LR Low Rise Where low power Level 2 EV charging receptacles or Level 2 EV chargers are installed beyond 4.408.4.1 WASTE STREAM REDUCTION ALTERNATIVE. Projects that generate a total qa
HR High Rise the minimum required, an automatic load management system (ALMS) may be used to reduce combined weight of construction and demolition waste disposed of in landfills, which a

AA Additions and Alterations the maximum required electrical capacity to each space served by the ALMS. The electrical system do not exceed 2 pounds per square foot of the building area, shall meet the =
N New and any on-site distribution transformers shall have sufficient capacity to deliver at least 3.3 kW minimum 65% construction waste reduction requirement in Section 4.408.1 = <q
=>
a
<q

4.106.4.2.2.1 Electric vehicle charging stations (EVCS).
Electric vehicle charging stations required by Section 4.106.4.2.2, Item 2, with EV chargers installed shall
comply with Section 4.106.4.2.2.1.1.

aucets are unavailable, aerators or other means may be Notes:

SECTION 4.102 DEFINITIONS
4.102.1 DEFINITIONS
The following terms are defined in Chapter 2 (and are included here for reference)

1. Sample forms found in "A Guide to the California Green Building
Standards Code (Residential)” located at www.hcd.ca.gov/CALGreen.html may be used
to assist in documenting compliance with this section.

2. Mixed construction and demolition debris (C & D) processors can be
located at the California Department of Resources Recycling and Recovery
(CalRecycle).

ta Ci [eontractor! 4.410 BUILDING MAINTENANCE AND OPERATION

4.410.1 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE MANUAL. At the time of final inspection, a
manual, compact disc, web-based reference or other media acceptable to the
enforcing agency which includes all of the following shall be placed in the building:

ise spray valves.

shall meet the requirements in the California Code of Regulations, Title
iciency Regulations), Sections 1605.1 (h)(4) Table H—2, Section 1605.3
tion 1607 (d)(7) and shall be equipped with an integral automatic

Exception: Electric vehicle charging stations serving public accommodations, public housing, motels and hotels
shall not be required to comply with this section. See California Building Code, Chapter 11B, for applicable
requirements.

FRENCH DRAIN. A trench, hole or other depressed area loosely filled with rock, gravel, fragments of brick or similar $
pervious material used to collect or channel drainage or runoff water. ole 4.106.4.2.2.1.1 Electric vehicle charging stations (EVCS) spaces with EV chargers installed; dimensions
and location.

FOR REFERENCE ONLY: The following table and code section have been reprinted
e California Code of Regulations, Title 20 (Appliance Efficiency Regulations),Section 1605.1
h)(4) and Section 1605.3 (h)(4)(A).

WATTLES. Wattles are used to reduce sediment in runoff. Wattles are often constructed of natural plant materials
such as hay, straw or similar material shaped in the form of tubes and placed on a downflow slope. Wattles are also
used for perimeter and inlet controls.

EVCS spaces shall be designed to comply with the following:

1... The minimum length of each EVCS space shall be 18 feet (5486 mm).

4.106 SITE DEVELOPMENT 2. The minimum width of each EVCS space shall be 9 feet (2743 mm). TABLE H-2
4.106.1 GENERAL. Preservation and use of available natural resources shall be accomplished through evaluation 3. One in every 25 EVCS spaces, but not less than one, shall also have an 8-foot (2438 mm) 1. Directi to th t that th | shall i ith th
621 |G | contractor . Directions to the owner or occupan a e manual shall remain wi e
_e and careful planning to minimize negative effects on the site and adjacent areas. Preservation of slopes, aisle. A 5-foot (1524 mm) wide minimum aisle shall be permitted provided the mini STANDARDS FOR COMMERCIAL PRE—-RINSE SPRAY building throughout the life cycle a the structure.
management of storm water drainage and erosion controls shall comply with this section. EVCS space is 12 feet (3658 mm). Surface slope for this EVCS space and th | not VALUES MANUFACTURED ON OR AFTER JANUARY 2. Operation and maintenance instructions for the following:
unit vertical in 48 units horizontal (2.083 percent slope) in any direction. Thes ces S a. Equipment and appliances, including water—saving devices and
ta] Ca|conreactor]| 4.106.2 STORM WATER DRAINAGE AND RETENTION DURING CONSTRUCTION. Projects which disturb less comply with at least one of the following: 28, 2019 systems, HVAC systems, photovoltaic systems, electric vehicle
than one acre of soil and are not part of a larger common plan of development which in total disturbs one acre chargers, water—heating systems and other major appliances and
or more, shall manage storm water drainage during construction. In order to manage storm water drainage a. The EVCS space shall be located adjacent to an accessible parking spa Tapray force in sunce force (ozf)] MAXIMUM FLOW RATE (gpm) equipment. 9 8 ; pe
during construction, one or more of the following measures shall be implemented to prevent flooding of adjacent of the California Building Code, Chapter 11A, to allow use of cl cessible parking Pray b. Roof and yard drainage, including gutters and downspouts.
property, prevent erosion and retain soil runoff on the site. space. c. Space conditioning systems, including condensers and air filters.
b. The EVCS space shall be located on an accessible rou Product Class 1 (< 5.0 ozf) 1.00 d. Landscape irrigation systems.
1. Retention basins of sufficient size shall be utilized to retain storm water on the site. Chapter 2, to the building. e. Water reuse systems.
2. Where storm water is conveyed to a public drainage system, collection point, gutter or similar Exception: Electric vehicle chargin Product Class 2 (> 5.0 ozf and < 1.20 3. Information from local utility, water and waste recovery providers on methods
disposal method, water shall be filtered by use of a barrier system, wattle or other method approved Building Code, Chapter 11B, are. 8.0 ozf) . to further reduce resource consumption, including recycle programs and _
by the enforcing agency. locations. N2@I|e@r
3. Compliance with a lawfully enacted storm water management ordinance. (106 4.2.2-1.2 Accessible electric Product Class 3 (> 8.0 ozf) 1.28 4. Public transportation and/or carpool options available in the area. = al S =
n addition to the requirements in Sec! ~ . A + 5. Educational material on the positive impacts of an interior relative humidit
Note: Refer to the State Water Resources Control Board for projects which disturb one acre or more of soil, or accessibility provisions for EV charger: . Title 20 Section 1605.3 (h)(4)(A): Commercial prerinse spray values manufactured on or between 30-60 percent and what methods an occupant may use to maintain ZiyelL
are part of a larger common plan of development which in total disturbs one acre or more of soil. EVCS in multifamily developménts shall California Building Code, Chapter 11A, Section 1109A. after January 1, 2006, shall have a minimum spray force of not less than 4.0 the relative humidity level in that range NOIND
ounces—force (ozf)[113 grams—force(gf)] 6. Information about water—conserving landscape and irrigation design and a =~
(Website: https:/www.waterboards.ca.gov/water_issues/programs/stormwater/construction.html) 4.106.4.2.3 Reserv: ole 4.303.2 Submeters for multifamily buildings and dwelling units in mixed-used residential/commercial instructions. for sreintaining gutters and downspouts and the importance of S & 2 =
A we P : : F buildings. : oe ae
wlol Se 4.106.3 GRADING AND PAVING. Construction plans shall indicate how the site grading or drainage system will . wee . : diverting water at least 5 feet away from the foundation.
SITE PLAN manage all surface water flows to keep water from entering buildings. Examples of methods to manage surface in accordance with the calfomie Flubine Code water usage of individual rental dwelling units 8. information on required routine Oigintenance measures, including, but not
water include, but are not limited to, the following: ° limited to, caulking, painting, grading around the building, etc S laa
1. Swales (| Ca|contractor| 4,303.3 Standards for plumbing fixtures and fittings. Plumbing fixtures and fittings shall be installed % Information about state Solar energy and incentive ved oby th available. wy iS) => oy
2. Water collection and disposal systems in accordance with the California Plumbing Code, and shall meet the applicable standards . rey hi a do Inspections veritications required by tne entorcing S aS S Zz
3. French drains referenced in Table 1701.1 of the California Plumbing Code. 17. Information from the Department of Forestry and Fire Protection on td Ss 4 3
4. Water retention gardens ; a O}ea 106.4.3 Electric vehicle charging for additions and alterations of parking facilities serving existing NOTE: , maintenance of defensible space around residential structures. a S oO uu
5. Other water measures which keep surface water away from buildings and aid in groundwater ti-family buildings. THIS TABLE COMPILES THE DATA IN SECTION 4.303.1, AND IS INCLUDED AS A 12. Information and/or drawings identifying the location of grab bar
recharge. ere new parking facilities are added, or electrical systems or lighting of existing parking facilities are added or CONVENIENCE FOR THE USER. reinforcements. ww
altered and the work requires a building permit, ten (10) percent of the total number of parking spaces added or <x
Exception: Additions and alterations not altering the drainage path. altered shall be EV capable spaces to support future Level 2 electric vehicle supply equipment. The service panel _ oO|7 4.410.2 RECYCLING BY OCCUPANTS. Where 5 or more multifamily dwelling units are 2
; ; ; or subpanel circuit directory shall identify the overcurrent protective device space(s) reserved for TABLE MAXIMUM FIXTURE WATER USE constructed on a building site, provide readily accessible areats) that a erves all
ole 4.106.4 Electric vehicle (EV) charging for new construction. New construction shall comply with Section 4.106.4.1 future EV charging purposes as “EV CAPABLE.” FIXTURE TYPE FLOW RATE buildings on the site and are identified for the depositing, storage and collection of
or 4.106.4.2. Electric vehicle supply equipment (EVSE) shall comply with the California Electrical Code. non-hazardous materials for recycling, including (at a minimum) paper, corrugated
Exceptions: Notes: SHOWER HEADS (RESIDENTIAL) 1.8 GMP © 80 PSI cardboard, glass, plastics, | organic waster, and metals, or meet a lawfully enacted
xceptions: ; , ; ; ; : ; . ; a local recycling ordinance, if more restrictive.
1. Ona case-by-case basis, where the local enforcing agency ha’ rmined arging and 1.Construction documents are intended to demonstrate the project’s capability and capacity for facilitating future =
infrastructure are not feasible based upon one or more of the f ing conditions: EV charging. LAVATORY FAUCETS (RESIDENTIAL) MAX. 1.2 GPM @ 60 PSI MIN. 0.8 Exception: Rural jurisdictions that meet and apply for the exemption in Public _ S
1.1 Where there is no local utility power supply or the loca nable to supply adequate GPM @ 20 PSI Resources Code Section 42649.82 (a)(2)(A) et seq. are note required to comply with rr
power. 2.There is no requirement for EV spaces to be constructed or available until EV chargers are installed for use. the organic waste portion of this section. a
1.2 Where there is evidence suitable to, ntiating that additional PUOLIC GE AREAS IN COMMON é& 0.5 GPM @ 60 PSI SS
local utility infrastructure design requir, ie implementation of Section “
PO ney versely inact the oa KITCHEN FAUCETS 73 Gn @ 60 PS DIVISION 4.5 ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY a
2. Accessory Dwelling Units (ADU) and g Units (JADU) without additional SECTION 4.501 GENERAL =
parking facilities. METERING FAUCETS 0.2 GAL/CYCLE 4.501.1 Scope S
The provisions of this chapter shall outline means of reducing the quality of air contaminants that are odorous, Lg
. | WATER CLOSET 1.28 GAL/FLUSH irritating and/or harmful to the comfort and well being of a building's installers, occupants and neighbors. fa
oO} and townhouses with attached private garages. For each fad
date a dedicated 208/240-volt branch circuit. The raceway URINALS 0.125 GAL/FLUSH SECTION 4.502 DEFINITIONS
inside diameter). The raceway shall originate at the main 5.102.1 DEFINITIONS
d cabinet, box or other enclosure in close proximity to the 4.304 OUTDOOR WATER USE . . The following terms are defined in Chapter 2 (and are included here for reference)
required to be continuous at enclosed, inaccessible or ole 4.304.1 OUTDOOR POTABLE WATER USE IN LANDSCAPE AREAS. Residential developments shall
i nd/or subpane| shal provide Capacity to install a t0-ampere comply with a local water efficient landscape ordinance or the current California Department AGRIFIBER PRODUCTS. Agrifiber products include wheatboard, strawboard, panel substrates and door -
cuit and space(s) reserved to permit installation of a branch circui of woter Resources’ Model Water Efficient Landscape Ordinance (MWELO), whichever is more cores, not including furniture, fixtures and equipment (FF&E) not considered base building elements. a <| <{ < < <j <
stringent. a
re . : rer . COMPOSITE WOOD PRODUCTS. Composite wood products include hardwood plywood, particleboard and DRAWN BY : C. SANCHEZ
y ts hot required if amnimum pe pal ieheaaanmarein dedicated EY branch circuit is NOTES: medium density fiberboard. "Composite wood products" does not include hardboard, structural plywood, DATE : 06/18/2025
‘ imity to the proposed location of an EV charger at the time of original construction in i ; . ; a. structural panels, structural composite lumber, oriented strand board, glued laminated timber, prefabricated :
ith the California Electrical Code. 1. The Model Water Efficient Landscape Ordinance (MWELO) is located in the California wood I-joists or finger-jointed lumber, all as specified in California Code of regulations (CCR), title 17, Section REVIEWED BY :
Code Regulations, Title 23, Chapter 2.7, Division 2. MWELO and supporting documents, 93120.1 DATE :
6.4.1.1 Identification. The service panel or subpanel circuit directory shall identify the overcurrent including water budget calculator, are available at: https: //www.water.ca.gov/ -
protective device space(s) reserved for future EV charging as "EV CAPABLE". The raceway termination DIRECT-VENT APPLIANCE. A fuel—burning appliance with a sealed combustion system JOB NO.:25-1232N.JEFFSO
location shall be permanently and visibly marked as "EV CAPABLE". that draws all air for combustion from the outside atmosphere and discharges all
flue gases to the outside atmosphere. PAG E
AIA.1

DISCLAIMER:THIS DOCUMENT IS PROVIDED AND INTENDED TO BE USED AS A MEANS TO INDICATE AREAS OF COMPLIANCE WITH THE CALIFORNIA GREEN BUILDING STANDARDS (CALGREEN) CODE. DUE TO THE VARIABLES BETWEEN BUILDING DEPARTMENT JURISDICTIONS, THIS CHECKLIST IS TO BE USED ON AN INDIVIDUAL PROJECT BASIS AND MAY BE MODIFIED BY THE END USER TO MEET THOSE INDIVIDUAL NEEDS. THE END USER ASSUMES ALL RESPONSIBILITY ASSOCIATED WITH THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT, INCLUDING VERIFICATION WITH THE FULL CODE.

